I'm working today, how about
doing? Hello.
Thank you bye.
Surprisingly, nobody
at the park it in this
country can was wrong.
Oh, it's like a silent protest.
No last word.
Just the error.
I must.
Been releasing today with the
Wild now so yeah everyones
just like Oh yeah must be free
to do whatever you want.
Yeah, 'cause it's hot. It's a
nice. It's nice weather we don't
have to. You know where it.
Freaking cold chill comes
through today. It's insane,
yeah? Yeah, 26 or
something.
I have to look it up. It's
like I have to click too
many buttons to look it up.
Bring up the project So what new
features did you go to features?
Did you mention in your story?
Well, see I'm not too sure about
the features will happen. I'm
just want to make sure that the
features are put in were
actually still involved in it.
Um?
So pretty much got a UI.
I have to have all the pages.
I think it's because we're
showing him.
Work.
That's why I thought this was
on. What are pretty much
script in my storyboard?
Artist. This might show up as a
win just so we have the draft. I
honestly think we can just
change it to whatever you want.
I'm just grabbing the
storyboard.
Oh yeah,
PowerPoint
version of it.
I'm just using template.
Yeah.
So not only do you know what
to do with the storyboard.
But it's kind of weird. This lot
of assignments, isn't it? It is.
Like I'm not as much
direction in the other ones
like the other ones are
clear.
Yeah, every time I'm looking
at this presentation thing,
it just doesn't make it.
OK, it had some things that I
want out of it, but really it
goes. I've be creative as you
want. Do whatever you want
and then it says, but make
sure you do this.
To do that?
Are you in math?
I did email.
Just.
Yeah, I did say that maybe it
would be good to get some
clarification 'cause it's just.
I know I've made a script. I
reckon the video itself will
probably have a runtime of.
Possibly 3 minutes to
maybe more.
Could probably get to 4
minutes, it's just a.
Images of rough draft
that breaks up from a
cartoon animation into.
Like actually showing it.
Yeah, not so hard day with the
break thing. Having the cartoon
and then the. Breakdown of the
app. I was thinking maybe half
way through it but then.
If you put the other stuff in
the middle at corner takes
away from the cartoon, people
might lose their place of
where it was.
I just
and then the stuff in the
brackets is what I've found in.
Description of what I wanted.
Anything you could song
about what they wanted?
I'm just looking for this.
Mention features.
Sing Sing 11 Saying 1111
eleven BCD.
Mongoose Tiger.
I just I just talked.
I just called it manga
security so it's fine.
It does not matter.
So pretty much, it's just
the stopping of data. I'm
not too sure whether that
was in that like.
Walk, it'll scan dot on the app,
put into Facebook, but it won't
keep on continuously. Send the
data at until the user has made
changes to it. I don't know if
you can hold hold outward
traffic on an app like that.
On Facebook, yeah.
I wouldn't be able to
affect another app.
Um?
Can we can we hold Internet
traffic at all? We can turn
off all the Internet
traffic possibly.
Yeah, I'm not too sure
where they are now, but
that's a good thing.
Other problems? Yeah.
I think we should stop it, but
I should say will flag warning
disable you know and if they
ignore it we can remind them
all. If you ignore it, you're
going to be leaking this, this
and this.
As far as units have, it is
halting traffic as it's holding
the app itself, and won't
continuously send until they
make this as we can, we can. Our
won't be able to see what the
Facebook app is doing.
On a just a standard Android
and definitely not Lifeline
device, yeah.
Yes, I'm just unsure
what we could achieve
and what we couldn't.
Does motion.
We're looking at Facebook
itself. Yeah.
Getting their Facebook
credentials so that we can log
in and scrape their site, not
the Facebook site is that user.
And we also using that look via
the API at some of their
security settings that we can
see that way.
Yeah, that's true.
Touching the my ball back
whatsoever.
Syncing on revenue. Wicked push
ads for VPN.
Oh yeah. Because we don't
actually have to mine the
users data. For that, we can
just generically push ads
because it will. 'cause we've
got that one category of
people that were looking after
for our app and that the
security conscious individual.
If anyone's gonna be interested
in a VPN, that's who we can
celebrate. And we can
make money, but we have
to make money that way.
Do you think? That's true,
I should include that in
some of the scripting or.
I don't know if you seen that
marketing. Saying 12
mission that we put ads in in,
you know it yeah, yeah.
I definitely think we should add
that to the project 'cause they
were concerned about how to
project with my money. Yeah,
that's why I just bring that $5
payment things. That's why we
can reduce that enough and just
have the VPN ads going through
and make it. Free.
Well, I'd say we keep the
ads on the free version.
Security check.
Yep.
Basically we're checking
security things or we just like
the ads in and we still charging
that one off $5 thing.
Would you be annoyed about an
app that is advertised? VPNs
like occasionally T.
No, not if it.
What we'll do is remove the ads
from the actual app itself, but
we will leave the ads in the
tutorial video, so when they
come up or like this ad is
sponsored by Nord VPN.
Yeah, so we continually get
meds in the videos but we
can get extra money off the
frame version by having.
Videos will probably push
through YouTube.
No no.
Because we wanted to always have
a pet. Yeah.
Link into our YouTube videos and
go hey, this is how you fix it.
Yeah, we want them to get the
app. Awesome, but it will
still make some money off
YouTube, but it would be
better if we just haven't been
around.
Is that we could limit access.
Soon.
Going to bed.
Gun. OK.
Yes, Sir.
I'm sure the **** some of the
stuff that are right as to hell.
Whether we get.
Softly song Tutorial videos is
fine. Dialog box should be fine
so they can choose to ignore it
if they want.
Oreo videos were going to push
him exactly to the video that
they require for that, yeah, so.
Yeah, I just had a. I think
that was in there somewhere,
but then I had an actually UI
in the app. If they just
wanted to watch videos without
getting the suggestions.
That makes sense so.
Please watch any of them as
well. So yeah, they can watch
any of them at anytime. It's
yeah, so I think that's the
common where I had that in
there. They watched the better
because more of you more.
Yeah.
I was gonna be there.
It's part of the solutions. I
don't really logged in too much.
Books to trust.
Showing the tutorial videos
inside the program inside the UI
or find reference and guide
tutorial videos if you'd like to
look through them individually
and fix any setting before. The
problem is that the 1:11 yeah,
so that's the.
After that you know you like
tutorial link. I'm pretty
sure I thought I had
something in there about how
that will automatically pop
up, but I don't think that's
actually there.
I think I'm up in the dialogue
box part, but I just didn't
write in the video.
Box you choose to ignore it, or
you can. Open up the suggested
fix. I'm not too sure whether we
will be able to actually change
any settings, which I doubt.
Um?
But check the text in
error. It'll have a ignore
this or open this.
Open the video.
Cancel.
Yeah, Oh yes, yeah it is today.
The app will change the settings
for you. However, if access
cannot be made, a God video wins
from inside will show you by
step process, yes.
So I'm not too sure whether we
can change settings. Of
something else with what we're
doing. There's some things which
is never gonna be aggregated.
Wow, even with the best
web scraping a site in the
world and pretending to be
user get like as a robot.
This summer just gonna be like 2
painful where about once.
Verification Check select all
the squares with the bicycles.
Yeah.
So you want me to take that
out of that scripting?
11 days they will change it for
you. Let him see.
If possible, the app will
change the settings for you.
Be fine.
That's the other thing.
Do whatever.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Remote.
What was that? Remind me
how to do it one day.
Don't know, we definitely can do
it like just not in the time
frame that we've got.
Yeah, I know right? Set up some
web scraping code that works
with Facebook. Then we'll have
to write, right?
Algorithms to workout where it
is 'cause it's gonna read in
the whole page, like it's
doing it and then it's gotta
find what it's looking for.
And then we gotta make it
smarter so it can look for
multiple settings as it
progresses.
That's why I think I put
something in there about
machine learning. I don't.
So security ones
too, I'm assuming.
We can actually.
Yes, we do access it this way.
We do.
I only went Skype on my web.
Scraping is then the app is
technically logged into their
Facebook as say, an individual
wooden can see everything.
You can probably change that. We
do not store any person.
Yep.
Or record any of our
transactions that we've done. So
basically we don't store it.
We're not keeping it. We're not
data mining and more anything.
Because we don't want to forward
that whole trap events in the
extra security on it.
'cause technically we're gonna
scrape and pull back a hateful
information or database then
going to scan that. Then we're
going to dump it on my download.
In there.
Secure manner we can. Otherwise
if we store it then we've got a
whole bunch of other security
things to take care, OK?
Laws that were banned by.
Future.
What you doing?
That's on notice. Like even,
you know, sometimes.
Inside the app.
Say someone wants to post
something.
Do we have a third parties
working inside it? Um?
On Facebook yeah.
So the third parties are
Facebooks cases. They don't
actually get your personal
information, they get
information based off what you
do. So Facebook doesn't want
to hand over all the users
data. Basically they just
hand him statistical
information OK, these 10,000
users that you paid to get
some information on 'cause
you've given us a request
where they have to be. You
know they have to be men have
to be between this age group
more than likely going to buy
a product or so. Then they
can target they have shaving
cream or a razor or.
I bet you have like Facebook.
They can take a look at your
latest pictures and with their
algorithms again, OK, these
people don't have bids. These
people have been saying don't
want Shannon as a customer,
'cause it's probably not gonna
buy your razor.
For example, now so that I
can get a Tiger did lock
down audience.
Which is almost guaranteed.
So what do you think of that?
Like obvious security policy?
Second part is that not.
Just get rid of that.
Now leave the security policy.
Even the other part there is,
it makes sense what we do.
So the algorithm, the algorithm
it part. Not what you're
transferring about, picks up
what you're doing. Home.
Well, thinking of that in the
sense of. So if your program is
running in the background, it
will detect the algorithm.
Already, Josh.
Yeah.
So pretty much every right that
not only accesses your personal
information personal data on
your social media account when
reviewing your set security
settings, however, this is not
stored long term and it's not.
Captain.
It's only stored for for a
short time for algorithm to
run, the security checks and
information purged.
Yeah.
No, personally identifying
information is kept.
Hello.
At Northfield that out later.
I think I did documented in our
project idea I think.
I'm pretty sure, yeah, pretty
sure you did just.
What kind of? Just wrote this
trailer, told me her stuff.
Call Mick Mary had some issues
this weekend so I thought I'll
get this done 'cause it needs to
be submitted this
RV. Now does it?
Yeah, rough draft, I said
Sunday, wait 10, but then it's
got the 10th on there so I'm not
too sure. No.
And in the future elements.
Who you know?
Read it.
We will take a look at like
third party applications.
Yeah. So say you know like you
go to website, then select log
in with Facebook? Yeah, that's
was. We can take a look at that
information and what games did
they've given access to their
accounts. Is like sitting
at Facebook apps. We need
to monitor.
But that would only
happen on analysis.
Um? Terms and conditions. We
can check automatically for
what we know. Like for
Facebook itself. Yeah,
sometimes they list actual
companies that they give your
data to in there and that's
what we can definitely be
checking on.
That's why you put it in
layman's terms straight to them.
It's like, hey.
Watch it tonight.
This with your information
that giving your profile
picture to these people in
regards to change it.
Yeah.
So I mean, I know this is just
this. Is Ralph trap still gonna
change it before we make the
entire thing of the script?
Well, it seems OK just like a
couple of only those two bits of
probably need changing this
year. Yeah.
Goodnight Mr marketing.
And marketing can always
change, yeah.
Going.
Lord, that address you
will not be good.
But then I thought at the end of
it to link it, because I can
guarantee you know you get
someone marking down. Oh, you
didn't get into how you would do
that or you wouldn't get into
how you do this. It's like,
well, it's like an ad.
Yes, Russell.
It's not like Cortana sell
the project in its entirety
like as an idea to another
company to paint it.
Search weather.
Talking about doing it like
you're on Shark Tank as you
were trying to. Tim said he
could do it like that.
Then I thought.
You can do it here for
the winter.
Yeah, we can do it. Either do it
like we were pitching an idea to
an investor or selling it to an
end user. You can do both.
Where they gonna definitely ask
us for more details in the
updated project plan, which this
version of the project plans
gotta have as much detail as
possible. There.
And that's why I thought just at
the end, with the end credit and
Copyright, I don't think I had
in there, but I had done a
storyboard. Um it will.
Show them where to get
more information, like
a link to the website.
Tell us when you submit this
draft. If we need to make some
serious changes. Yeah.
You mentioned on the draft
that it's going to be the
cartoon and the target
audience, which is their
customer base.
Yeah.
No no, so to script to
draft it's.
It's workable.
So you work, it's gonna be
about 30 minutes.
Oh I reckon about 3 minutes.
I reckon the cartoon phase
will probably be.
Five or something they did 15.
I'm looking at it with you
in it like it's. I mean it's
hard to tell at the moment.
I wonder if we can do.
2. Versions of the ad.
Yeah, like some people that like
some companies are going to sell
something you know, like two
different copies of the ad at
the same time. Yeah, couldn't
that take. Like, technically,
that can still that makes it on
the lady. Yeah it could.
Minnesota tell me it's only
three pages of scripting, but
the one you had the other
stuff in and you go through
you might adding extra
explanations. It might take up
for four and a half 5 minutes.
That we can do this and do a
Shark Tank version where where
it's actually. Add a meeting
where we're selling it, pitching
the idea. Yeah.
American at. When that
walking Oxien 10 just that
introduction video part that
will probably take up a good
30 seconds I think yeah.
I haven't timed it out yet, but
I mean by looking at that part
there been 30 seconds.
I reckon we'll probably go close
to 4 minutes, four and a half.
We only have to get like 80 or
50, wasn't it didn't work it
out. We don't need 50.
Value like I've got so far. I
think I'm seeing 34, so we
need 14 more percent so we
can pretty much get a D in
the third assist.
Idina third assessment will pass
meme's *******. Forget about it.
Planning on doing the
contribution was I, I think
only going to do for that one
is 1, one PDF, one page. It's
gonna say my student number
and my name on it. I'll just
sit with that. That has to be
left some markets.
Percent.
He submitted something done.
That's why I haven't even
looked at the syllabus
slightly. It just talked. I
mean, I'll look at it and go
yeah, and then you watch
teams VSO. He explains it
better than what that ****
does. What would I have to
write a freaking two page
report on every single week
that we do? It's insane.
I'm not looking forward to the
programming line 'cause somebody
was saying that the foreign
contributions worth quite a lot
of marks in there, so it's a
it's a lot of marks.
So she's really easy.
Farm Forum contributions
were 35.
Assignments are worth.
35% of all marks. There is
effort, effort based too. It's
not. It doesn't help you, right?
Alright, just.
Yeah, so you do weekly
programming.
Is it just one thing?
Yeah, so it's just a you get a a
weekly program you gotta do.
You make the program take a
screenshot off it and upload the
screenshots. Yeah, Aris videos.
As bad.
It's usually got a pretty good
connection, and if you have a
drop certain audio, he resets
all these servers so.
That never gets to the point
where it gets too choppy or.
Ultra.
Open.
They are 35% is the 50% of
the assignments. And 15%
for the test.
Yeah. Do you have any ideas
on what you want there?
Well, that would be
pretty basic.
What? Do anything else to
be anything too extreme.
Set up thing or it's gonna ask
you to add your Facebook details
so that you can.
And then after that it's just
going to be go button go skiing.
Single just have a slaughter,
like little slider on off
just like he just like a VPN
app on your phone.
'cause we're not going to be
scanning the whole time, it's
pretty much could we stop start
when I wanted to?
No, just button.
I get to just say links to
tutorial videos. There.
I just wanna.
Open it up with a button
that says check settings,
then another button zone
tutorial videos.
And then just a big ***
picture of Amongus.
I have the button that says go.
I'm on do spread around, but
like the fire Fox logo.
Yeah, he's.
It's not monkeys.
It would be good to see one big
eyes button this press me.
And then yeah, there's a
tutorial button underneath. I
mean it's not going to be able
to fancy. Yeah.
All the work for the actors
really in the back end.
Yeah, that's where all the.
Times is that right?
The app just annoys, you
know, but it's just like
the red button on the face.
Banana website pretty much.
It is down the.
Button down the bottom the
taxes dice like just a
random generated rice dice
roller just for something
else to have in it.
You wanna do?
Then I bought him. When the last
scan was. No, yeah.
It is.
And you probably have a, was it?
How many things we detected?
Their problems problems
detected. 10 yeah, one say
one major problem detected
and then the problem is
you're using Facebook.
Never all these other ones were
just, you know, we've detected
6 problems. Please click this,
you click on it, it goes.
Please pay this much money
Forrest for us to fix these
problems.
$10,000 cash.
Pay 6 times to complete it.
Laura.
What do you want the red
button doing? This version
of the project?
In this version of program.
Is there any way to see I'm
gonna have it come up and
force the video the play for
the ad of the flooding
lingers.
Yeah. Which one the 32nd or the
other one? Unless you, unless
you want to do a video of the
Mongoose do in the disco.
Huh?
Just just make a Jeffrey pilot
GIF GIF, GIF.
I got for the disco music disco
that was already there and we
could add them on goose or you
can do a different question.
I didn't matter is Mongoose
give it some colourization?
It appears that after class.
Tonight.
Is the ******* button.
I didn't love the red button.
My God.
Get home.
That was the best thing that we
got with the red button.
We had one female person
in their group.
Edit red buttons everywhere
and no content.
Just made every single link a
red button. Just had 24 red
buttons. Whatever you press on
linked you to the content.
Look at the other assignments
that was submitted as was
like almost double the length
of everybody else.
That's what doesn't make sense.
Sign.